and how can i planted in the roof top
Are there locations to get food in this Building?
if you had a favorite room, which one would it be ?
Does the building have any type of security cameras?
what is the temperature in this room?
Did you detect aby unusual activity today?
are lights automatically adjusting properly to current conditions?
what happens to parking lot security during a power failure?
Does this building use a chiller or some other more sophisticated HVAC system? I'm concerned about high power use in winter and summer.
Are there any areas currently under maintenance restrictions?
Is it possible to set different detection thresholds for different chemicals you may want more accurate detection of?
Do you like having people inside you?
how do we prevent over heating
Is there adequate handicapped parking?
humidity safe
Are all doors equipped with sensors?
what role does mold play in indoor pollution?
Which meeting room is available immediately?
Can the energy meter keep notes about why we had spikes for future year reference?
power saved?
Are the doors locked
what am i supposed to accomplish herh?
How about hearing everything? Even when whispered to?
are you religious?
How does "Ozone" get inside a building if it’s usually in the atmosphere?
Will this building help me save money or only saving cost for the company?
What is the purity of the drinking water?
what's the currents voltage and is it stable?
Is there a warmer area than the lobby?
Is this a gun-free site?
IS THIS ROOM WARMER THAN THE OTHER ROOMS IN THE BUILDING ?
Is any area overheating right now?
can you turn off lights in rooms that are not being used?
Which workspace has the best air circulation at the moment?
Is my data safe?
I want to know more about flow rate and how those sensors can be used to save residents' money.
do you have to be very intelligent
VOC detected?
Do you adjust temperature based on how crowded it is?
Are systems running efficiently?
Can the lifts "learn" that the cafeteria floor is the priority destination at exactly 12:05 PM?
What is the function of your building?
Are there any free parking spots available right now?
what kind of cement using for buidings?
is the building currently using renewable energy
how often are the filters cleaned and maintained?
NO2 present?
What jobs can you do?
any movement?
how does the building communicate with is owner?
are the CO2 sensors forcing extra ventilation n raising energy use
Can I program fresh air boosts on schedule?
Room available now?
How does the flow sensor know if a toilet is leaking or running to much, that is, how does it know for that particular toilet model, since it's not clear it has the model information?
How many emergency fire pull stations are in your building?
Is the people count used to monitor employee activity?
How does it ensure that the most important systems keep running?
in this kitchen area, how much vampire power do appliaces draw after hours?
is there a way to compare different areas based on comfort and usage?
how does indoor humidity vary across different floors?
