what inspired the lobby color palette
how do we make sure walkways are not blocked
can i see which areas areas related to fire safty or smoke detection?
are you able to calibrate machines?
How do you detect if someone is inside?
Would this allow me to ask for ambient noise in my office?
IS WATER SUPPLY OKAY ?
Can you detect a person's general mood or detect if a personality is at a concerning level of emotion?
do you turn people away if they don't have any id
We never talked about energy efficiency at work. What guidelines and suggestions will the smart building give us as individuals and as groups? We want to save energy!
does the building sound feel good
How does the system maintain fresh air when many people are in the same area?
where done NO2 came form
Does "Motion (PIR)" sensing work if I’m sitting perfectly still at my desk?
elevator working?
Is there a backup room if there is a scheduling conflict?
If 3 people enter a room and the sensors see 2 leave do the lights turn off?
can the system suggest a route to minimize exposure to high traffic areas?
is there an off-site interface?
What does it feel like under the foundation?
I give a lot of presentations in the office using a lot of devices. Will enough power be available? Will the power be steady? Will the outlets be plentiful and easy to find?
which colour you chosse as your car?
What is the quietest sound the noise event sensor can detect?
do you have any empty apartments for rent
Would you be able to detect if someone was doing drugs in the building?
Which doors are audible when opening and closing?
What is the CO2 level in here?
Is the meeting room free for use later today?
Could it automatically make coffee before we arrive in the morning?
Can anyone use the EV chargers?
Can the building detect overcrowded areas and improve comfort?
WHICH ZONES ARE CURRENTLY BEING COOLED OR HEATED DESPITE HAVING ZERO OCCUPANCY?
where's the nearest bathroom?
How should we go about building a green roof for our building?
are sustainability achievments shared with occupants in real time?
how can we use the smart plug without having to connect and reconnect devices
Is the motion senosr invasive?
do the temperature setpoints n the energy meter show overcooling anywhere?
voltage sensor are built into the home
which equipment is useing standby power unnecessarily?
Is NO2 level safe here?
Does this Building have an Ai Personality to communicate with inside or is the system more mechanical?
Is the humidity level comfortable?
Can you optimize HVAC performance?
can you clean graffitti by yourself
Are there any empty rooms with lights on?
Is the air quality healthy?
Can animals detect when they are in a smart building?
CAN HIS BUILDING HOLD FLOOD ?
light level is useful
Is there a way to bypass a system, such as a smart system lock, after hours, when it  might be difficult to get the help of IT?
Could a low-decibel music be played over the speakers without making the workspace too loud?
What are the complications with dealing effectively with implementing sensors properly when dealing with a shared workspace?
how much water has the building used today?
How many bathrooms do you have and where are they located.
what's been the most pleasant time of day to visit the rooftop terrace recently?
How much energy are we currently using?
how much ozone is present inside today?
Can specific areas be filtered more intensely in the case of Allergy Season and then return to normal when the air quality changes?
Do ozone sensors alert people or do they just activate ventilation or filtration?
