do the building interact with other buildings?
What is the top source of indoor pollution?
how does an occupancy sensor choose to adjust when multiple types of people are in a room?  who does it chose to cater to if they have different likes or dislikes?
what is the carbon monoxide reading near the boiler room?
Can you automatically prepare a meeting room before use?
What does AI do if the air quality in the building gets too bad?
If you could change anythink about your algorith what would it be
which zones have recently reported comfort complaints?
What is the best way for someone to use you or take advantage of what you can do?
can I personalize the building to suit my perference?
what sustainability certtifications does the building hold?
Can you look for any energy usage spikes?
indoor transport should be a matchable one
Is there a green space and disposal plan for service dog waste?
acoustics  will be allowed or not
How is access to the server room restricted?
How can you manage air quality in the car park?
what do you do to protect hvac units from damage?
is there any equipment currently using excessive power?
What limitations are there in achieving personal comfort when there are varied types of occupants in a shared location?
How does the building control pollen exposure during the spring?
How would the building know if there was too much noise in just one section of the open plan office?
Where does the background noise from the Building come from, is it overhead and can it be directed?
What kind of alerts can be seet?
How does it take in to account the amount of people in the room?
is there any smell or gas leak detected in this area?
CAN YOU PLAY FOOTBALL ?
what type of parts use of the building?
Can the temp in my unit be controlled individually?
are the elevators operating normally without delays?
Is the track lighting versatile enough to highlight different exhibits?
Should the building's target temperature shift slightly based on what people are wearing (e.g., higher in summer, lower in winter) to save energy?
how is the air quality in this area today?
Would powering up elevators from completely off to on every time people are nearing save energy or actually cost more?
What is the current standby load at this server rack, or do we have all servers powered off as expected?
What would you recommend for thermal comfort for people?
If noises are expected are certain times can we train the system to know that it is okay and not to flag it?
how to the microphones adapt to those that are loud spoken and soft spoken
how is water safety managed to prevent legionella?
Can you keep temperature stable?
during a lockdown, how do we keep fire escape routes usable?
how are water leak detected in hard to see areas?
is the boiler gas or electric? is solar incorporated into the system?
What is your favourite colour?
On a very hot summer day, what systems are in place to ensure that the server room does not overheat? I assume there is a team of on-site experts, but this may not always be possible.
Which entrances are currently open?
How is the air quality right now
can you notify me if this area becomes to warm or too cold?
What is the noise level of a ship?
What is the current sound level?
How are common areas manages to maintain comfort during busy times?
What is 2+2?
how often are lights adjusted automatically in this building?
How many people are inside right now?
How many smart plugs do you have?
does green roof or terrace mean plants?
in this kitchen area, how much vampire power do appliaces draw after hours?
How user-friendly is the people count sensor?
How does the cost of hidden energy waste compare vs traditional buildings?
how do weekends compare to weekdays for enery use?
